✨ Pop up installation (#3)
Monogramm/frappe_pwa: README.md

-   Setup website Progressive Web Application:
    -   Go to "_Website Settings_" and add into "_HTML HEADER & ROBOTS_" the web app manifest: `<link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.json">`

>     -   Go to `/install` url and press on `install` inside pop-up message

Reviewer: @AminovE99 This is related **not** related to setup of PWA but actual usage by end users.

```suggestion

After setup has been done, just go to `/install` page and press on `install` inside pop-up message.
```
